c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Mailtastic.exe.config
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Mailtastic.exe
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Mailtastic.pdb
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.exe
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.pdb
c:\users\netstag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Mailtastic_EasyIntegrate.exe.config
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Mailtastic_EasyIntegrate.exe
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Mailtastic_EasyIntegrate.pdb
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.MainForm.resources
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic_EasyIntegrate.exe
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\obj\Debug\Mailtastic_EasyIntegrate.pdb
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\Andi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mailtastic\Mailtastic\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
